
ill-gotten
/ˌɪlˈɡɒt(ə)n/
adjective
acquired by illegal or unfair means.
"the mafiosi launder their ill-gotten gains"
------
light-fingered
/ˌlʌɪtˈfɪŋɡəd/
adjective
1.
INFORMAL
prone to steal.
"light-fingered shoplifters"
synonyms:	thieving, thievish, stealing, pilfering, shoplifting, pocket-picking; More
2.
having or showing delicate skill with the hands.
"it is played with an irresistibly light-fingered spontaneity"
------------
kiss and tell
phrase of kiss
recount one's sexual exploits, especially to the media concerning a famous person.
"this isn't a kiss-and-tell book"

-------------
oratory1
/ˈɒrət(ə)ri/
noun
noun: oratory; plural noun: oratories; singular proper noun: Oratory
1.
a small chapel, especially for private worship.
2.
(in the Roman Catholic Church) a society of priests without vows, especially the Oratory of St Philip Neri founded in 1564.
Origin
Middle English: from Anglo-Norman French oratorie, from ecclesiastical Latin oratorium, based on Latin orare ‘pray, speak’; sense 2 is from Congregation of the Fathers of the Oratory .
oratory2
/ˈɒrət(ə)ri/
noun
noun: oratory
the art or practice of formal speaking in public.
"the gift of persuasive oratory"
synonyms:	rhetoric, eloquence, grandiloquence, magniloquence, public speaking, speech-making, declamation, way with words, the gift of the gab, fluency
"he whipped the meeting up into a frenzy with his oratory"
eloquent or rhetorical language.
"learned discussions degenerated into pompous oratory"
Origin
----------------
What do you mean by angel investing?
Definition: An individual who invests his or her own money in an entrepreneurial company. Originally a term used to describe investors in Broadway shows, "angel" now refers to anyone who invests his or her money in an entrepreneurial company (unlike institutional venture capitalists, who invest other people's money).

-------------------
A watershed moment is a turning point, the exact moment that changes the direction of an activity or situation. A watershed moment is a dividing point, from which things will never be the same. It is considered momentous, though a watershed moment is often recognized in hindsight.

------------------
pesky
/ˈpɛski/
adjectiveINFORMAL•NORTH AMERICAN
causing trouble; annoying.
"a pesky younger brother"
-----------------------------
abomination
/əbɒmɪˈneɪʃ(ə)n/
noun
noun: abomination; plural noun: abominations
a thing that causes disgust or loathing.
"concrete abominations masquerading as hotels"
synonyms:	atrocity, disgrace, horror, obscenity, outrage, curse, torment, evil, crime, monstrosity, violation, bugbear, anathema, bane; bête noire
"in both wars, internment was an abomination"
a feeling of hatred.
"a Calvinist abomination of indulgence"
synonyms:	detestation, loathing, hatred, aversion, antipathy, revulsion, repugnance, abhorrence, odium, execration, disgust, horror, hostility, disdain, contempt, distaste, dislike
"he had a Calvinist abomination of indulgence"
antonyms:	liking, love
Origin
--------------------------

Luddite
/ˈlʌdʌɪt/
noun
noun: Luddite; plural noun: Luddites
1.
DEROGATORY
a person opposed to new technology or ways of working.
"a small-minded Luddite resisting progress"
2.
HISTORICAL
a member of any of the bands of English workers who destroyed machinery, especially in cotton and woollen mills, that they believed was threatening their jobs (1811–16).
adjective
adjective: Luddite
1.
DEROGATORY
opposed to new technology or ways of working.
"this bill is really a Luddite approach to science"
2.
HISTORICAL
denoting or relating to the 19th-century Luddites who destroyed machinery that they believed was threatening their jobs.
"the Luddite movement"
Origin

----------------
